Oh hello [ __ ] wrestlers
We welcome you to such a stage
image What is the stage image of [ __ ] wrestlers
Yes, well, it’s possible so that
deputies of [ __ ] wrestlers can be determined like You are
a streamer Yes, like I understand a whale Well, yes,
you can be a deputy Yes of Ukraine Are you
[ __ ] wrestlers Yes, I’m in the Smolensk region
deputation of the city city council
and what kind of detective city
is
Sevastopol And why is this so from the Crimea the
second time he said
no I understood well, in short, it’s somewhere between
Kiev and Lvov, how old are you
boys The West is not yet Western, it’s not the
center
at 19 19 it’s cool do [ __ ],
I practiced until 5  yo, I’m RB Well, these are you
Or you just took the gasstream question for the stream They
took me from me,
well, not like the old one, but it shouldn’t be
white
No, it doesn’t have to be white
training It just
happens
Two colors
for fun angles For example, as in
boxing it’s not  we don’t have white If I’m not mistaken
in training
but there is
something I don’t remember at the Olympics, the
important
time was such that that is, there are
belts in the same place there is blue green yellow brown black
orange and everything is
in my opinion if I didn’t mix it up and didn’t make a mistake
Now to get a belt  the next one you have to
meet the standards And before how
it was to get the next train you
need to win a certain amount
yes i mean they change the rules all the time
actually it's not so cool the
standards the standards can everyone
get a new train what does it give you
when you achieve a new belt through
competitions but this  quite different and it
hardens you as a
beginner then if I'm not mistaken goes
yellow after yellow comes green after
green goes orange after orange
goes
brown after brown goes black
but I'll tell you what was your belt in judo
I had a yellow belt
in four years four  years, did you
go to the Public School or the room of
men to the basement that
I would tell you We had a sports complex in
which
there were judo classes And in short 2 boys you are a
hand-to-hand man yes you understood that Did you try
no
against hand-to-hand man the possibility
[music] you
know we don’t set ourselves  such
priorities,
I would just [ __ ] him off a couple.  we
will discuss looking for something to
change the mouse just talked to you about this
topic Well, something has changed
because we talked
no,
you were calm to talk, and then
everything shrank And you Well, what will change
Why No, I have nothing pity I  I
just formulated an answer for you, I’ll tell you how
you feel about the special operation,
neither positively nor negatively, what is the
name of the word when it’s not
positive, it’s
not negative, it’s not like it’s in any way.
-something to say to go out into the
street and assert your truth there, I'm
just here with you. You don't
have to go out anywhere. They ask
what do you think that Russia is killing people
in Ukraine. Is it right or wrong,
but yours is also being killed.
Yes, look at the fact that ours are
killing yours who came to our
country with a steering wheel, this is very correct Well, then
you are ours who Look when the Germans are
correct And why Correct Because
yours are killing ours Look, I understood you were
heavily dropped on judo here when it fell
normally
at your birth  they dropped no they
didn’t drop me I
just
look it’s not enough I just can’t
understand what’s in your head look
again you put me asked a question I
explain to you Yes look
yours are killing ours you came to our
country and you are killing us and you think that
that’s right, we didn’t come to your country.
In our country, we kill those
who came to us
well. Good question, look, come on, so
your grandfather fought or great-grandfather against the Germans.
Yes, he does the right thing that he killed the Germans.
do it right
they did what the
Soviet Union said
their country
was good that he fought against Hitler
Now see also Putin when he
attacked Ukraine, he is like Hitler
who attacked a foreign country, he
turns out to be people who kill
the Nazis who came here to Ukraine,
they are absolutely great  the same Well,
no, it can be replayed, let's try to
replay So I already
put it on your shoulder blades, let's try, the shoulder
blades will come out and I say, let's try
to get out from under the shoulder blades, so I've
learned an analogy for you, you confessed Hitler
Potts came attacked a foreign country, yes And
your grandfather was  because he fought against
the invaders Now we are looking at the same
situation Putin just like Hitler attacked a
foreign country And our guys They are because
they are killing the country you are all on the
shoulder blades Come on Turn off
I told you that you can
say the judge I can replay this pain
you  you start like 9 Counter
hold Here, let's do what I told you.
I thought
Now the coach can shout, in
my opinion, someone has already farted on the tatami.
True,
come
on.  even YouTube is driving us through
careers into a shadowban and even then the video is
not shown to people in private,
information about streams is shown in
order to have little experience
right at a time, but ass there is
video
information and we are with you
[music]